
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.053438                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 53437621500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                53437621500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 247892                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   247892                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              144138078                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 256712                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   370.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    91903089                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      91903089                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53437621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            202880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            137728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               340608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       202880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          202880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               3170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data               2152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              3796576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              2577360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 6373936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         3796576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            3796576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             3796576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             2577360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                6373936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          5322                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                        5322                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                   340608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                    340608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                 468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                 295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                 308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                 524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                 224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                 238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                 222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                 289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                 254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                 282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     53437285500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    5322                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      347.009174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     213.710292                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     326.985210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127            311     31.70%     31.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255          198     20.18%     51.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383          103     10.50%     62.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511          115     11.72%     74.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639           57      5.81%     79.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767           30      3.06%     82.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      3.06%     86.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           26      2.65%     88.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          111     11.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      132267250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 232054750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                     26610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       24852.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  43602.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           6.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        6.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                       4338                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   81.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     10040827.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      81.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                    3348660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                    1772265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                  18335520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           173328480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy               64638000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy                9138240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actPowerDownEnergy         468346770                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.prePowerDownEnergy         218747040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.selfRefreshEnergy        12435217200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy              13392872175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              250.626273                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.totalIdleTime            53271099000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       16953500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF        73680000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    51675337000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    569631000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT        74922500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1027097500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                    3677100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                    1950630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                  19663560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           191767680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy               68393160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy                9924480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actPowerDownEnergy         510653310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.prePowerDownEnergy         251520000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.selfRefreshEnergy        12393371550                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy              13451137230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              251.716611                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.totalIdleTime            53261175500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       18732000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF        81534000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    51486455000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    654968250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT        76126500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1119805750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53437621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                11450652                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           8210942                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            765019                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              6085116                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 5320742                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             87.438629                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1176677                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                216                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups           26315                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits              24242                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             2073                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          983                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     20415218                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      43383                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 20458601                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6579912                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       276                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                 6580188                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     26995130                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      43659                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 27038789                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    22968644                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        90                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                22968734                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  389                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     53437621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        106875243                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    91903089                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      91903089                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       2191333                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.162912                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.859910                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass             7723353      8.40%      8.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu                51001454     55.49%     63.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                 458252      0.50%     64.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd               2732553      2.97%     67.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp                104605      0.11%     67.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt               2333953      2.54%     70.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult               296445      0.32%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv                754822      0.82%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                  318      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead               19996208     21.76%     92.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite               6501126      7.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total                 91903089                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                       103792204                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                         3083039                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53437621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements               157                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1447.203649                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            26572187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              2231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          11910.437920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1447.203649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.353321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.353321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2074                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.506348                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          53153435                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         53153435                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53437621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     20074003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        20074003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      6498184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6498184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      26572187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         26572187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     26572187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        26572187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         2919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         3415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           3415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         3415                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          3415                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     58822000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58822000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    274731500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    274731500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    333553500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    333553500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    333553500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    333553500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     20074499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20074499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6501103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6501103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     26575602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     26575602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     26575602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     26575602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000449                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000449                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 118592.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118592.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 94118.362453                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94118.362453                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 97673.060029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97673.060029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 97673.060029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97673.060029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         1176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data         1184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data         1184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     57888500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57888500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    165966000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    165966000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    223854500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    223854500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    223854500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    223854500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 118623.975410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118623.975410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 95218.588640                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95218.588640                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 100338.189153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100338.189153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 100338.189153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100338.189153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53437621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             13865                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1642.239495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            22952813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             15830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1449.956601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1642.239495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.801875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.801875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1965                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          670                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          947                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.959473                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          45953118                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         45953118                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53437621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     22952813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        22952813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      22952813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         22952813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     22952813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        22952813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        15831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         15831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        15831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          15831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        15831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         15831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    456439000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    456439000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    456439000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    456439000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    456439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    456439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     22968644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22968644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     22968644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     22968644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     22968644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     22968644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 28831.975238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28831.975238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 28831.975238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28831.975238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 28831.975238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28831.975238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        13865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             13865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    440609000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    440609000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    440609000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    440609000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    440609000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    440609000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27832.038406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27832.038406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27832.038406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27832.038406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27832.038406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27832.038406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53437621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse         3574.446973                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs              26761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs             5322                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             5.028373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2101.836656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1472.610316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.064143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.044941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.109083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5322                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          920                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          569                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3605                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.162415                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses           261986                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses          261986                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53437621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          107                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total          107                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        13865                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total        13865                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst        12660                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        12660                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        12660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data           79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total           12739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        12660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data           79                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total          12739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         1717                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         1717                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         3170                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         3170                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data          435                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          435                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         3170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         2152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total          5322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         3170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data         2152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total         5322                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    163078000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    163078000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    283932500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    283932500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     56594000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     56594000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    283932500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    219672000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    503604500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    283932500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    219672000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    503604500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          107                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          107                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        13865                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total        13865                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         1743                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1743                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        15830                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        15830                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data          488                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          488                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        15830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total        18061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        15830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        18061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.985083                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.985083                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.200253                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.200253                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.891393                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.891393                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.200253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.294668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.200253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.294668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 94978.450786                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94978.450786                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89568.611987                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89568.611987                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 130101.149425                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130101.149425                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89568.611987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 102078.066914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94626.925968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89568.611987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 102078.066914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94626.925968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         1717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3170                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3170                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          435                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    145908000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145908000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    252232500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    252232500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     52244000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52244000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    252232500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    198152000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    450384500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    252232500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    198152000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    450384500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.985083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.200253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.891393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.891393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.200253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.200253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84978.450786                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84978.450786                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79568.611987                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79568.611987                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 120101.149425                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120101.149425                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79568.611987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92078.066914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84626.925968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79568.611987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92078.066914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84626.925968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        32083                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14022                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53437621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         16318                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          107                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        13865                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           50                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1743                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1743                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        15830                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          488                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        45525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         4619                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total             50144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1900480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       149632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total            2050112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic                     0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples        18061                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0              18061    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total          18061                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       30013500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      23745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy       3346500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          5322                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53437621500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1717                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1717                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        10644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       340608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  340608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              5322                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    5322    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                5322                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             6424500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           28175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
