
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.893221                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1893220881500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1893220881500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  15759                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    15759                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              531367557                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 390932                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3562.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56147815                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56147815                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           1046208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24860800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25907968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1046208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1046208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7566592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7566592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              16347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             388450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                404812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          118228                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               118228                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               552607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             13131484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13684599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          552607                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             552607                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3996677                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3996677                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3996677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              552607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            13131484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17681276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        404812                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       118228                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      404812                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     118228                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 25900544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      7424                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7565312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  25907968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7566592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      116                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               25705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               25813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               25775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               25223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               24955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               24789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               24583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               25108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               25258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              24875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              24528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                8071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               8010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          68                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1893211891000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  404812                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 118228                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    402391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     6333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     8254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     6747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     7178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     7723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     7340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     6693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     6854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     6042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     6034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                      250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                      212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                      399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                      314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                      236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                      131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                      169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        63319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      528.527867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     322.547536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     413.556682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          14397     22.74%     22.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11107     17.54%     40.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4705      7.43%     47.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3113      4.92%     52.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2233      3.53%     56.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2328      3.68%     59.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1953      3.08%     62.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1598      2.52%     65.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        21885     34.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          63319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        77.334798                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2918.735904                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           5230     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5233                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.588955                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.741886                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       24.816216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23            4718     90.16%     90.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31              33      0.63%     90.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39             174      3.33%     94.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-47               5      0.10%     94.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-55               3      0.06%     94.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63              12      0.23%     94.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71               8      0.15%     94.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-79               1      0.02%     94.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-87              32      0.61%     95.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-95               4      0.08%     95.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-103            151      2.89%     98.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-111            15      0.29%     98.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-119            10      0.19%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-127             2      0.04%     98.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-135             6      0.11%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-143             3      0.06%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-151             3      0.06%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-167             1      0.02%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-175            10      0.19%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-183             6      0.11%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-191            12      0.23%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-199             9      0.17%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::200-207             1      0.02%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-223             5      0.10%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-231             4      0.08%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::256-263             3      0.06%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::264-271             1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::272-279             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5233                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     5895300250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               13483350250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2023480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14567.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  33317.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           4.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        4.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     363810                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     95775                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  81.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3619631.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  221882640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  117933420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1444607640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                306899460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           4693391040.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy             4737017490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy              303974400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actPowerDownEnergy       10896307530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.prePowerDownEnergy        5550083520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.selfRefreshEnergy       443242644240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             471515616450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              249.054730                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.totalIdleTime           1881921702000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      481983250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF      1993748000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1843690402750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14453321750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      8706248250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  23895177500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  230215020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  122362185                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1444921800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                310146300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           4816933680.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy             4925461770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy              303573120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actPowerDownEnergy       11119407240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.prePowerDownEnergy        5660238720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.selfRefreshEnergy       442986687510                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             471921610125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              249.269176                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.totalIdleTime           1881622925500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      484393500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF      2046440000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1842500290250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14740166500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      9065047000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  24384544250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                15264339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          13122374                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            525708                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             12102111                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 4571092                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             37.771030                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  863726                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              33596                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         6525159                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits             541190                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          5983969                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       222121                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9321681                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      17691                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           211                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   764795                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6394158                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      2442                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          159                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  298776                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     15715839                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      20133                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           370                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1063571                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4020046                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      6280                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          699                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4026326                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions               12752                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          6376                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     281786440.323087                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    439974345.162947                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         6376    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       369000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            6376                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     96550538000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1796670343500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        193121889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    56147815                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      56147815                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       2978612                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                      6376                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.quiesceCycles                   3593319874                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu.cpi                               3.439526                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.290738                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass             3199269      5.70%      5.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu                36201024     64.47%     70.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                  60831      0.11%     70.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     70.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd                 38079      0.07%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv                  3636      0.01%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead                9320403     16.60%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite               6373341     11.35%     98.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess               951232      1.69%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total                 56147815                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6376                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     211531                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74800     40.93%     40.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     41.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1905      1.04%     42.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  105905     57.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               182741                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73433     49.32%     49.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1905      1.28%     50.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73433     49.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                148902                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1837683771000     97.07%     97.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                86162500      0.00%     97.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               712688000      0.04%     97.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             54737244500      2.89%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1893219866000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981725                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.693386                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.814825                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4173      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                175574     91.22%     93.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6808      3.54%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5130      2.67%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 192465                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5875                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1737                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2094                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1905                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1737                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   168                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.324255                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.080229                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.392541                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        37297482500      1.97%      1.97% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           4311459500      0.23%      2.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1851610914000     97.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4174                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.tickCycles                        85352026                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                       107769863                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1394246                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.980074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            13946627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1394758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              9.999317                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          99338500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.980074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          63927104                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         63927104                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      7985415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7985415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5578562                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5578562                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       183593                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       183593                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       199022                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199022                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      13563977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13563977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     13563977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13563977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1096352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1096352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       573692                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       573692                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        16450                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        16450                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1670044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1670044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1670044                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1670044                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  33571810000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33571810000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25337965000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  25337965000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    222587500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    222587500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  58909775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  58909775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  58909775000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  58909775000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      9081767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9081767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6152254                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6152254                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       200043                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200043                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       199022                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199022                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     15234021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15234021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     15234021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15234021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.093249                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.093249                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.082232                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.082232                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.109626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.109626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.109626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.109626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30621.378900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30621.378900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 44166.495262                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44166.495262                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13531.155015                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13531.155015                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35274.384986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35274.384986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35274.384986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35274.384986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       837664                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            837664                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        21993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       269693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       269693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       291686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       291686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       291686                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       291686                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1074359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1074359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       303999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       303999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16447                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        16447                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1378358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1378358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1378358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1378358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         9623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        16553                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        16553                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  32011150000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32011150000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12927980000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12927980000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    205437000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205437000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  44939130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44939130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  44939130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44939130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1534184500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1534184500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1534184500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1534184500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.118298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049413                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049413                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.082217                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082217                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29795.580434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29795.580434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42526.389889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42526.389889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12490.849395                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12490.849395                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32603.380254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32603.380254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32603.380254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32603.380254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 221383.044733                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221383.044733                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 92683.169214                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 92683.169214                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1477105                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.256263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            19233040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1477616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             13.016264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       36168250500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   509.256263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.994641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          22188623                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         22188623                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     19233043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        19233043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      19233043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         19233043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     19233043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        19233043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1477790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1477790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1477790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1477790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1477790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1477790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20696583500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20696583500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20696583500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  20696583500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20696583500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  20696583500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     20710833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20710833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     20710833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     20710833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     20710833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     20710833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14005.091048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14005.091048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14005.091048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14005.091048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14005.091048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14005.091048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1477105                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           1477105                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1477790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1477790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1477790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1477790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1477790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1477790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  19218793500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19218793500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  19218793500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19218793500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  19218793500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19218793500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13005.091048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13005.091048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13005.091048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13005.091048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13005.091048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13005.091048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           339628                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        65408.612363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            5336325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           405150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            13.171233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle       6812996000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   268.308875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  5785.000603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 59355.302886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.004094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.088272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.905690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          578                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        59344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999786                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         46341016                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        46341016                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       837664                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       837664                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1476525                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total      1476525                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total           15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       187358                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       187358                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst      1461386                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      1461386                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       818548                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       818548                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      1461386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1005906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2467292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1461386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1005906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2467292                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       116652                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       116652                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst        16348                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        16348                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       272226                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       272226                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        16348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       388878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        405226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        16348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       388878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       405226                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       331000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       331000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  10499091500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10499091500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1618484000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1618484000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21963269500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  21963269500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1618484000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  32462361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  34080845000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1618484000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  32462361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  34080845000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       837664                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       837664                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1476525                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1476525                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       304010                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       304010                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1477734                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1477734                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1090774                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1090774                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1477734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1394784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2872518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1477734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1394784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2872518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383711                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.383711                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.249571                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.249571                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.278809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.141070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.278809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.141070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55166.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55166.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 90003.527586                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90003.527586                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99001.957426                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99001.957426                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80680.278519                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80680.278519                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99001.957426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83476.979927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84103.302848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99001.957426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83476.979927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84103.302848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        76716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            76716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       116652                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       116652                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16348                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        16348                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       272226                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       272226                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       405226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       405226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         9623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        16553                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        16553                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       271000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       271000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9332571500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9332571500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1455004000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1455004000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  19244147500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19244147500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1455004000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28576719000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30031723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1455004000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28576719000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30031723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1447540500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1447540500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1447540500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1447540500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.249571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.278809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.278809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45166.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45166.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80003.527586                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80003.527586                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89001.957426                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89001.957426                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70691.805706                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70691.805706                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89001.957426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73485.049296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74111.046675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 89001.957426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73485.049296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74111.046675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 208880.303030                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208880.303030                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 87448.831028                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 87448.831028                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5743946                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2871549                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1963                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          999                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          999                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       2575626                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          9623                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         9623                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       914380                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1477105                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       819494                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           21                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           21                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       304010                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       304010                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1477790                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1090934                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           24                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          242                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      4432629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      4217118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           8649747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    189109696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    142929468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          332039164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      340242                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic               4923392                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      3229178                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.000972                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.031158                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            3226040     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               3138      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        3229178                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     5199830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       291883                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    2216814740                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    2103909988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51175                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51175                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  116556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2717                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        44348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2705956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              5417000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               803500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                10500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              180500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            15637500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             2305500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             6005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               90500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           216245035                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            23483000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            41946000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.299106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1735874546000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.299106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.081194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.081194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     22024383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22024383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4948308652                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   4948308652                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4970333035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4970333035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4970333035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4970333035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 127308.572254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127308.572254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119087.135445                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119087.135445                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119121.223128                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119121.223128                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119121.223128                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119121.223128                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          1402                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   107.846154                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13374383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13374383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2868251757                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2868251757                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2881626140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2881626140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2881626140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2881626140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 77308.572254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77308.572254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69028.007244                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69028.007244                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69062.340084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69062.340084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69062.340084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69062.340084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        827498                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       381477                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          410                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             295653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9623                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9623                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       118228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           262245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              138                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            116520                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           116520                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        288747                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           24                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1148793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1181947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        83425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        83425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1265372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        44348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30816832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     30861180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2657728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2657728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33518908                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              434                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      27584                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            463510                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.001463                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.038218                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  462832     99.85%     99.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                     678      0.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              463510                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            30461000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1319556082                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2160064000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy             943117                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893220881500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
