
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.422343                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                422342506500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               422342506500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 265332                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   265332                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              183135937                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 256400                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2306.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   611901617                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     611901617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 422342506500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            156672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24196288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             24352960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       156672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          156672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     18839168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          18839168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             378067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                380515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          294362                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               294362                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               370960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             57290677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                57661636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          370960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             370960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          44606374                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               44606374                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          44606374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              370960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            57290677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              102268011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        380515                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       294362                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      380515                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     294362                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 24331840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     21120                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  18837824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  24352960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               18839168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      330                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               23759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               23180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               23498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               24625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               25498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               23629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               23701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               23987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               23227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               24022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              24752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              22836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              23786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              24450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              22762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              22473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               17837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1               17476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               17996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3               18950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4               19553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5               18644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6               18825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7               18731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8               18487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               18977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10              19288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              18104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              18331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              18778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              17209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              17155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    422342412500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  380515                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 294362                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    379040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     6479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     6849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    17525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    17560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    17563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    17563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    17562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    17561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    17562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    17562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    17561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    17568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    17565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    17567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    17575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    17580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    17569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                    17569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       138956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      310.667780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     185.031528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     328.663803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          47467     34.16%     34.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        38428     27.65%     61.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13549      9.75%     71.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8124      5.85%     77.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5242      3.77%     81.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3828      2.75%     83.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3157      2.27%     86.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2628      1.89%     88.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16533     11.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         138956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         17561                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        21.649109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::gmean       17.965863                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      233.199678                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          17556     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           17561                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         17561                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.761061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.733847                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        0.964147                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16              10711     60.99%     60.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                371      2.11%     63.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18               6450     36.73%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                 26      0.15%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                  1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                  1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::23                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           17561                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     8688901500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               15817370250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1900925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       22854.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  41604.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          57.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          44.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       57.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                       44.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        20.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     314590                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    220977                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  75.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       625806.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      79.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  505526280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  268693590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1370001780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                772622640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           11362849680.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy             8093551410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy              616183200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actPowerDownEnergy       31552584270                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.prePowerDownEnergy       13412815680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.selfRefreshEnergy        73287717855                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             141246410115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              334.435695                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.totalIdleTime           402979630750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      931134000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF      4824278000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   298856786250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  34929182250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     13606935500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  69194190500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  486640980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  258644430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1344519120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                763837380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           10801683360.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy             7884425820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy              575860800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actPowerDownEnergy       29572982250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.prePowerDownEnergy       12813870240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.selfRefreshEnergy        74790220020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             139297315230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              329.820729                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.totalIdleTime           403542198250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      850086750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF      4586322000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   305319724750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  33369590750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     13363845750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  64852936500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 422342506500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               124433445                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          87996604                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           6213149                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             71713401                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                67452940                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             94.059045                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                15161931                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect            1121038                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups            7034                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits               4431                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             2603                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          736                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    149830728                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                     559329                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                150390057                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    57603632                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                     71396                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                57675028                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    207434360                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     630725                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                208065085                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                   227956774                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        48                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses               227956822                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  485                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    422342506500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        844685013                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   611901617                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     611901617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                      14840042                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.380426                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.724414                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass            52179272      8.53%      8.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu               355264620     58.06%     66.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                 152833      0.02%     66.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd                144588      0.02%     66.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp                     3      0.00%     66.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt                369991      0.06%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult                    2      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv                  3790      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead              146565535     23.95%     90.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite              57220983      9.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total                611901617                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                       746838140                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        97846873                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 422342506500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2535505                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4087.585414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           203187430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2539601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             80.007619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1692948500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4087.585414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          827                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         415624517                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        415624517                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 422342506500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    147521210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       147521210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     55666220                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       55666220                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     203187430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        203187430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    203187430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       203187430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1811214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1811214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1543814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1543814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3355028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3355028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      3355028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3355028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  39457833000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39457833000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  51431912500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  51431912500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  90889745500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90889745500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  90889745500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90889745500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    149332424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    149332424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     57210034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     57210034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    206542458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    206542458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    206542458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    206542458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026985                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026985                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21785.295940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21785.295940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 33314.837474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33314.837474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 27090.607142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27090.607142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 27090.607142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27090.607142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2339286                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2339286                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        46422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        46422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       769005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       769005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       815427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       815427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       815427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       815427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1764792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1764792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       774809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       774809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2539601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2539601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2539601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2539601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36307875000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36307875000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25218661500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25218661500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  61526536500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  61526536500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  61526536500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  61526536500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 20573.458515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20573.458515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32548.229951                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32548.229951                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 24226.851580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24226.851580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 24226.851580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24226.851580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 422342506500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3176                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1116.241776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           227951769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              5005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          45544.808991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1116.241776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.545040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.545040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1829                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1592                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.893066                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         455918553                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        455918553                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 422342506500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    227951769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       227951769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     227951769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        227951769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    227951769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       227951769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         5005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          5005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         5005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           5005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         5005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          5005                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    293603500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293603500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    293603500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    293603500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    293603500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    293603500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    227956774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    227956774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    227956774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    227956774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    227956774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    227956774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58662.037962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58662.037962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58662.037962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58662.037962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58662.037962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58662.037962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              3176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    288598500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    288598500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    288598500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    288598500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    288598500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    288598500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57662.037962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57662.037962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57662.037962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57662.037962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57662.037962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57662.037962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 422342506500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           348623                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        30598.806406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            4701891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           381391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            12.328269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle      70474186000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    42.061592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   159.646104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 30397.098711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.001284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.004872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.927646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.933801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1626                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        30708                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         41047687                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        41047687                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 422342506500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2339286                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2339286                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3176                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total         3176                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       571694                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       571694                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         2557                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2557                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      1589840                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1589840                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         2557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      2161534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2164091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         2557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2161534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2164091                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       206458                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       206458                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         2448                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2448                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       171609                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       171609                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       378067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        380515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2448                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       378067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       380515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  18097806000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  18097806000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    254224000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    254224000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  16908659000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  16908659000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    254224000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  35006465000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  35260689000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    254224000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  35006465000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  35260689000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2339286                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2339286                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3176                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3176                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       778152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       778152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         5005                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5005                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1761449                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1761449                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         5005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2539601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2544606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         5005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2539601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2544606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.265318                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.265318                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.489111                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.489111                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097425                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.097425                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.489111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.148869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.149538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.489111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.148869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87658.535877                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87658.535877                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 103849.673203                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103849.673203                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 98530.141193                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98530.141193                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 103849.673203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92593.283730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92665.700432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 103849.673203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 92593.283730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92665.700432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       294362                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           294362                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       206458                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       206458                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2448                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2448                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       171609                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       171609                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       378067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       380515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       378067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       380515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  16033226000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16033226000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    229744000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229744000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15192569000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15192569000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    229744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  31225795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31455539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    229744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  31225795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31455539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.265318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.489111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.489111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.489111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.148869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.489111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.148869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77658.535877                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77658.535877                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93849.673203                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93849.673203                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 88530.141193                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88530.141193                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93849.673203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82593.283730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82665.700432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 93849.673203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82593.283730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82665.700432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5083287                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2538681                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         2446                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2446                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 422342506500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       1766454                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2633648                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3176                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       250480                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       778152                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       778152                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         5005                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1761449                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        13186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      7614707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           7627893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       523584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    312248768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          312772352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      348623                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic              18839168                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      2893229                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.000845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.029064                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            2890783     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               2446      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        2893229                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     4884105500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       7507500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3809401500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        726697                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       346182                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 422342506500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             174057                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       294362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            51820                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            206458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           206458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        174057                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1107212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1107212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     43192128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                43192128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            380515                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  380515    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              380515                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          2021742500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2013933750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
