
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.521167                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                521167228000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               521167228000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 258077                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   258077                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              144813393                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 260992                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3598.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   928789150                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     928789150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 521167228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            185984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          18520896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             18706880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       185984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          185984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4267712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4267712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             289389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                292295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           66683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                66683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               356861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             35537338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                35894199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          356861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             356861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           8188757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                8188757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           8188757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              356861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            35537338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               44082956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        292295                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        66683                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      292295                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      66683                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 18686976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     19904                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4265856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  18706880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                4267712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      311                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               18028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               18369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               18396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               18341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               18255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               18258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               18325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               18297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               18227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               18235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              18232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              18375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              18268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              18134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              18057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              18187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                4123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                4164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                4221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                4157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                4141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                4097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                4260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                4224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                4233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                4192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               4150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               4241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               4098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               4096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               4157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    521167139500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  292295                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  66683                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    291434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     4055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     4055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     4055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     4055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     4056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     4056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     4059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     4056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     4054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     4054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        95989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      239.106731                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     159.105135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     271.560992                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          28950     30.16%     30.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41784     43.53%     73.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11694     12.18%     85.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2599      2.71%     88.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639          913      0.95%     89.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          756      0.79%     90.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          331      0.34%     90.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          447      0.47%     91.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8515      8.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          95989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          4054                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        68.753823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::gmean       34.637200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      730.740597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           4046     99.80%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.02%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      0.02%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            5      0.12%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::30720-31743            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            4054                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          4054                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.441539                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.421503                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        0.829633                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               3159     77.92%     77.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                895     22.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            4054                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                    15194551500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               20669251500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1459920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       52038.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  70788.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          35.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           8.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       35.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        8.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     210474                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     52167                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   72.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  78.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1451808.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      73.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  341770380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  181632495                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1044360660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                174280140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           28691395200.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy             8105258640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy             1605839040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actPowerDownEnergy       57337999170                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.prePowerDownEnergy       51043667520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.selfRefreshEnergy        64046185080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             212592411075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              407.915916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.totalIdleTime           499165974500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     3167480750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     12206580000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   240498579500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 132926079750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      6626927000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 125741581000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  343648200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  182645760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1040405100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                173653740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           28803874320.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy             8196268830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy             1616284320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actPowerDownEnergy       57528037740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.prePowerDownEnergy       51141308640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.selfRefreshEnergy        63870409695                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             212914803135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              408.534516                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.totalIdleTime           498942805750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     3183963500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     12254448000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   239604631750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 133180372750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      6785962500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 126157849500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 521167228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               123851675                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          79872959                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            686742                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            102066154                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                68190152                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             66.809759                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                18697401                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              11223                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups        14052181                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits           14048615                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             3566                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted        11656                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    237539296                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                     195211                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                237734507                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    98305023                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      7170                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                98312193                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    335844319                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     202381                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                336046700                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                   286584578                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       119                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses               286584697                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   37                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    521167228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       1042334456                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   928789150                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     928789150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                        319598                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.122251                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.891066                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass            86206875      9.28%      9.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu               486529511     52.38%     61.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                   7040      0.00%     61.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd              13018262      1.40%     63.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp               3826477      0.41%     63.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt               3187663      0.34%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult                    4      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead              237705247     25.59%     89.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite              98308071     10.58%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total                928789150                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                       962817000                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        79517456                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 521167228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            776559                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4092.209717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           320318705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            780655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            410.320442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         968708500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4092.209717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          957                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1527                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         643115675                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        643115675                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 521167228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    222154657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       222154657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     98164048                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       98164048                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     320318705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        320318705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    320318705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       320318705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       711653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        711653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       137152                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       137152                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       848805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         848805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       848805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        848805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  36922839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36922839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  10957317000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10957317000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  47880156000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  47880156000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  47880156000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  47880156000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    222866310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    222866310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     98301200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     98301200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    321167510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    321167510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    321167510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    321167510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 51883.205720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51883.205720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79891.777007                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79891.777007                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56408.899571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56408.899571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56408.899571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56408.899571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        88440                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             88440                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        68141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        68141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        68150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        68150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        68150                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        68150                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       711644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       711644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        69011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        69011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       780655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       780655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       780655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       780655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36210490500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36210490500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5501688000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5501688000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  41712178500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41712178500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  41712178500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41712178500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 50882.871913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50882.871913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79721.899407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79721.899407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53432.282506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53432.282506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53432.282506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53432.282506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 521167228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             10581                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1690.101724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           286572250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             12327                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          23247.525756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1690.101724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.825245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1746                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1576                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.852539                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         573181483                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        573181483                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 521167228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    286572250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       286572250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     286572250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        286572250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    286572250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       286572250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        12328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         12328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        12328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          12328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        12328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         12328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    376885500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    376885500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    376885500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    376885500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    376885500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    376885500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    286584578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    286584578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    286584578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    286584578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    286584578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    286584578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 30571.503894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30571.503894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 30571.503894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30571.503894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 30571.503894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30571.503894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        10581                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             10581                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    364558500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364558500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    364558500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    364558500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    364558500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    364558500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29571.585010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29571.585010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29571.585010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29571.585010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29571.585010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29571.585010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 521167228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           259984                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        32658.667775                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            1287369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           292752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             4.397473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle       3857784000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    51.730334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    79.865838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 32527.071603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.001579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.992647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2875                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        29149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         12933736                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        12933736                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 521167228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        88440                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        88440                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        10581                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total        10581                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data         2366                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total         2366                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         9421                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         9421                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       488900                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       488900                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         9421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       491266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          500687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         9421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       491266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         500687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        66645                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        66645                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         2907                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2907                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       222744                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       222744                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       289389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        292296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       289389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       292296                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5373301500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5373301500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    247147500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    247147500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  30009565500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  30009565500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    247147500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  35382867000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  35630014500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    247147500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  35382867000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  35630014500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        88440                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        88440                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        10581                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total        10581                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        69011                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        69011                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        12328                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        12328                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       711644                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       711644                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        12328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       780655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       792983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        12328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       780655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       792983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.965716                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.965716                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.235805                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.235805                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.312999                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.312999                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.235805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.370700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.368603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.235805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.370700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.368603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80625.725861                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80625.725861                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85018.059856                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85018.059856                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 134726.706443                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134726.706443                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85018.059856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 122267.491162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121897.030750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85018.059856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 122267.491162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121897.030750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        66683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            66683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        66645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        66645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2907                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2907                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       222744                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       222744                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       289389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       292296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       289389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       292296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4706851500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4706851500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    218087500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218087500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  27782125500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27782125500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    218087500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  32488977000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32707064500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    218087500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  32488977000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32707064500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.965716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.965716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.235805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.312999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.235805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.370700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.368603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.235805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.370700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.368603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70625.725861                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70625.725861                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75021.499828                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75021.499828                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 124726.706443                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124726.706443                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75021.499828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 112267.491162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111897.064962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75021.499828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 112267.491162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111897.064962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1580123                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       787140                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         2096                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2096                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 521167228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        723971                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155123                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        10581                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       881420                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        69011                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        69011                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        12328                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       711644                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        35236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      2337869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           2373105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1466112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     55622080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total           57088192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      259984                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic               4267712                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      1052967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.001991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.044571                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            1050871     99.80%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               2096      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        1052967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      889082500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      18490500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    1170982500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        550183                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       257888                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 521167228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             225650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        66683                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           191205                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             66645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            66645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        225650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       842478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 842478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     22974592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                22974592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            292295                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  292295    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              292295                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           925387500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1555624500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
