
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.061709                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 61709224000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                61709224000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 242211                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   242211                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              169006859                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 262168                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   365.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    88438073                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      88438073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61709224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            438336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          10169024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             10607360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       438336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          438336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7376064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7376064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               6849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             158891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                165740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          115251                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               115251                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              7103249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            164789368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               171892617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         7103249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7103249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         119529359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              119529359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         119529359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             7103249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           164789368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              291421976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        165740                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       115251                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      165740                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     115251                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 10606656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                       704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7374400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  10607360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7376064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               10345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               10387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               10224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               10068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               10353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               10360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                9794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               10230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               10568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               10626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              10568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              10241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              10306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              10592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              10494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              10573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               7126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     61709200500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  165740                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 115251                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    163346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     6962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     7138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     7144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     7145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     7145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     7150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     7147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     7149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     7151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     7155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     7172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     7213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     7181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     7153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     7141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        47213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      380.822570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     228.196479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     355.752308                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          14428     30.56%     30.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9567     20.26%     50.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5069     10.74%     61.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3353      7.10%     68.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2454      5.20%     73.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2040      4.32%     78.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1589      3.37%     81.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1422      3.01%     84.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7291     15.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          47213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          7138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        23.216307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::gmean       17.901212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      310.822959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           7136     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            7138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          7138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.142477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.134126                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        0.540383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               6653     93.21%     93.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                 14      0.20%     93.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                420      5.88%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                 44      0.62%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                  4      0.06%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                  3      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            7138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     3617300750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                6724719500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    828645000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       21826.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  40576.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         171.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                         119.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      171.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                      119.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       1.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     144262                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     89468                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   87.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  77.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       219612.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      83.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  162377880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                   86290710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 583773540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                298928520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           2622054240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy             2778043200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy              161720640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actPowerDownEnergy        5591253690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.prePowerDownEnergy        3285210240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.selfRefreshEnergy         8699758440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy              24270201780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              393.299410                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.totalIdleTime            55193955500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      247892750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF      1114164000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    34377330500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   8555206500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      5153163500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  12261466750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  174801480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                   92882625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 599531520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                302545980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           2751743280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy             2889138480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy              174840000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actPowerDownEnergy        5978432460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.prePowerDownEnergy        3387317760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.selfRefreshEnergy         8384762130                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy              24736693185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              400.858918                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.totalIdleTime            54916270500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      273467750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF      1169204000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    32984792500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   8821175750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      5350059500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  13110524500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61709224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                14696527                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           9501310                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            386077                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             10213333                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 6368117                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             62.351017                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1712242                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              84707                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups           37535                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits              31848                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             5687                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted         7575                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     20579387                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      95377                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            10                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 20674764                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    14666029                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      8840                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                14674869                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     35245416                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     104217                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            10                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 35349633                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    25650137                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      5179                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                25655316                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 4583                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     61709224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        123418448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    88438073                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      88438073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       1086074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.395535                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.716571                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass             8748916      9.89%      9.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu                44394799     50.20%     60.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                  41101      0.05%     60.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd                114304      0.13%     60.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp                    84      0.00%     60.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt                113640      0.13%     60.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult                   50      0.00%     60.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv                 37764      0.04%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead               20366786     23.03%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite              14620629     16.53%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total                 88438073                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                        92007988                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        31410460                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61709224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            200809                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4069.967962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            34647996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            204905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            169.092975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         742257500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4069.967962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.993645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          592                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          70184119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         70184119                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61709224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     20314695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        20314695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     14333301                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       14333301                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      34647996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         34647996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     34647996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        34647996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        61535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         61535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       280076                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       280076                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       341611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         341611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       341611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        341611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3155082500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3155082500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  23960624000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  23960624000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  27115706500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  27115706500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  27115706500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  27115706500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     20376230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20376230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     34989607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     34989607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     34989607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     34989607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 51272.974730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51272.974730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85550.436310                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85550.436310                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79375.975891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79375.975891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79375.975891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79375.975891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       168117                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            168117                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       136509                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       136509                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       136706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       136706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       136706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       136706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        61338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        61338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       143567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3088657500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3088657500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12182218500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12182218500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15270876000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15270876000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15270876000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15270876000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009824                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009824                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 50354.714859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50354.714859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84853.890518                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84853.890518                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74526.614773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74526.614773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74526.614773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74526.614773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61709224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            153962                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1929.475732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            25494126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            156010                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            163.413409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       43906590500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1929.475732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.942127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.942127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1010                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          51456284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         51456284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61709224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     25494126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        25494126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      25494126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         25494126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     25494126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        25494126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       156011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        156011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       156011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         156011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       156011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        156011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2690499000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2690499000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2690499000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2690499000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2690499000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2690499000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     25650137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25650137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     25650137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     25650137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     25650137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     25650137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17245.572428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17245.572428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17245.572428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17245.572428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17245.572428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17245.572428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       153962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            153962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       156011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       156011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       156011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       156011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2534489000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2534489000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2534489000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2534489000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2534489000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2534489000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16245.578837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16245.578837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16245.578837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16245.578837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16245.578837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16245.578837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61709224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           135280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        31691.220276                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs             547521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           168048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             3.258123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle      14447297000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   710.430921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1986.776331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 28994.013023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.021681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.060632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.884827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          928                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8856                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        22759                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses          5893544                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses         5893544                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61709224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       168117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       168117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       153962                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total       153962                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        12659                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        12659                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst       149161                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       149161                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        33355                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        33355                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       149161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data        46014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          195175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       149161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        46014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         195175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       130908                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       130908                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         6850                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         6850                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        27983                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        27983                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         6850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       158891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        165741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         6850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       158891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       165741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  11833894500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  11833894500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    734127500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    734127500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2646160500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2646160500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    734127500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  14480055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  15214182500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    734127500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  14480055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  15214182500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       168117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       168117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       153962                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total       153962                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       143567                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       143567                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       156011                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       156011                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        61338                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        61338                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       156011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       204905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       360916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       156011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       204905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       360916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.911825                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.911825                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043907                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.043907                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.456210                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.456210                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.775437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.459223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.775437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.459223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 90398.558530                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90398.558530                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 107171.897810                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107171.897810                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 94563.145481                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94563.145481                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 107171.897810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91132.002442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91794.924008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 107171.897810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91132.002442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91794.924008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       115252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           115252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          117                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       130908                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       130908                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6850                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6850                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        27983                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        27983                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       165741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       165741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10524814500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10524814500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    665637500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    665637500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2366330500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2366330500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    665637500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12891145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13556782500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    665637500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12891145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13556782500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.911825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.456210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.775437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.775437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80398.558530                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80398.558530                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 97173.357664                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97173.357664                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84563.145481                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84563.145481                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 97173.357664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81132.002442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81794.984343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 97173.357664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81132.002442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81794.984343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       715687                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       354771                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         4259                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4259                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61709224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        217348                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       283369                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       153962                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        52720                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       143567                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       143567                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       156011                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        61338                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       465983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       610619                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           1076602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     19838208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     23873408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total           43711616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      135280                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic               7376128                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples       496196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.008583                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.092248                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0             491937     99.14%     99.14% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               4259      0.86%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total         496196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      679922500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy     234015499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy     307361991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        296877                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       131137                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61709224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              34832                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       115251                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            15886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            130908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           130908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         34832                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       462617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 462617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17983424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                17983424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            165740                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  165740    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              165740                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           829256000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          875104000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
