
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.966742                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1966741627000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1966741627000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 801704                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   801704                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            25865455419                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 334360                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    76.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60959478                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      60959478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           796480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         24829632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            62464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           430848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             26120384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       796480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        62464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          858944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7775296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7775296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             12445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            387963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data              6732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                408131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          121489                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               121489                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              404974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            12624755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               31760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              219067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13281045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         404974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          31760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             436735                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3953390                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3953390                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3953390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             404974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           12624755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              31760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             219067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17234435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        408131                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       121489                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      408131                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     121489                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 26113216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      7168                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7773568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  26120384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7775296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               25599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               25910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               25657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               25586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               25177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               26012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               25110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               25002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               25326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              25350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              25736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                8079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               7671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          71                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1966734334500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  408131                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 121489                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    407926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                        80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     6541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     8415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     6986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     7365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     8033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     7676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     6912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     7040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     6284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     6217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                      265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                      195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                      356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                      350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                      199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                      124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                      163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        65984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      513.560621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     309.956643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     413.656575                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          15493     23.48%     23.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12381     18.76%     42.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4640      7.03%     49.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3311      5.02%     54.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3269      4.95%     59.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1542      2.34%     61.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1639      2.48%     64.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1098      1.66%     65.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        22611     34.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          65984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5405                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        75.487327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2871.274927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           5402     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5405                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.472155                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.786030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       24.242091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23            4888     90.43%     90.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31              28      0.52%     90.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39             175      3.24%     94.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-47               6      0.11%     94.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-55               5      0.09%     94.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63              18      0.33%     94.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71               9      0.17%     94.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-79               2      0.04%     94.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-87              25      0.46%     95.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-95               5      0.09%     95.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-103            152      2.81%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-111            23      0.43%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-119             6      0.11%     98.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-127             3      0.06%     98.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-135             4      0.07%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-143             5      0.09%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-151             2      0.04%     99.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-159             1      0.02%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-167             1      0.02%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-175             6      0.11%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-183             7      0.13%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-191             9      0.17%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-199             7      0.13%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::200-207             4      0.07%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-215             1      0.02%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-223             6      0.11%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-231             3      0.06%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::256-263             2      0.04%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::264-271             1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::336-343             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     6252046750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               13902403000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2040095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       15322.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  34072.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        22.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     365911                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     97586                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  80.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3713482.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  236241180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  125565165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1459059000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                320826420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           5643624480.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy             5139412980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy              370844640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actPowerDownEnergy       13440056220                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.prePowerDownEnergy        6440902560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.selfRefreshEnergy       458973488295                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             492152011950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              250.237247                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.totalIdleTime           1954499558250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      615960500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF      2400520000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1908253811750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  16773151500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      9224451750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  29473731500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  234884580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  124844115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1454196660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                313205220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           5773313520.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy             5158429890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy              364374240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actPowerDownEnergy       13818451860                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.prePowerDownEnergy        6703686720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.selfRefreshEnergy       458612092095                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             492560034510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              250.444709                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.totalIdleTime           1954406570250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      598675750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF      2455572000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1906713566750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17457468500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      9212976500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  30303367500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7479115                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      7764                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  524068                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5079820                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      909                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                         133                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 202594                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    12558935                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      8673                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          343                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  726662                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    3638634                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3984                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                3642618                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions              13588                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         6794                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    272289101.854578                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   432882462.064242                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         6794    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       249000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           6794                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   116809469000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1849932158000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3933483254                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6794                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    163850                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   56218     40.17%     40.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    131      0.09%     40.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1975      1.41%     41.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    433      0.31%     41.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  81195     58.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              139952                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    55706     49.07%     49.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     131      0.12%     49.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1975      1.74%     50.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     433      0.38%     51.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   55273     48.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               113518                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1903167810000     96.77%     96.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               93266000      0.00%     96.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              790441500      0.04%     96.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              321171500      0.02%     96.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            62368212000      3.17%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1966740901000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.990893                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.680744                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.811121                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      3.42%      3.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        20      8.55%     11.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.71%     13.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        33     14.10%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.43%     28.21% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       10      4.27%     32.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      4.27%     36.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      2.56%     39.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.43%     39.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        3      1.28%     41.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        8      3.42%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.85%     45.30% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       39     16.67%     61.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        3      1.28%     63.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      4.27%     67.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      4.27%     71.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.43%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        6      2.56%     74.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       27     11.54%     86.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.28%     87.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        7      2.99%     90.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.43%     91.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      1.28%     92.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      3.85%     96.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.85%     97.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.85%     97.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.43%     98.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.85%     99.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.85%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   234                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  525      0.35%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3064      2.07%      2.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      51      0.03%      2.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               133000     89.79%     92.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6513      4.40%     96.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.00%     96.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.01%     96.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4412      2.98%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 394      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     139      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                148125                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6988                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1369                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1368                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1369                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.195764                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.327510                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1962821824500     99.80%     99.80% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          3919074500      0.20%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    3065                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   47690735                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     47690735                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             44243506                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                210072                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1190980                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      5607273                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    44243506                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       210072                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           60857324                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          32955789                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              102653                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             104432                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     12599733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7506744                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5092989                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3699864315.998118                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              233618938.001881                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.059392                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.940608                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          7182999                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              2715471      5.69%      5.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 31387897     65.80%     71.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   52053      0.11%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  26676      0.06%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1883      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 7680863     16.10%     87.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5099104     10.69%     98.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                735804      1.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  47699751                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1183172                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.236482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           11369674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1183684                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.605329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        121324500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   505.236482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.986790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         51472726                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        51472726                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6400739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6400739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4669408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4669408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       138994                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       138994                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       146309                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       146309                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     11070147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        11070147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     11070147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       11070147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       938380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       938380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       255338                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       255338                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        13584                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13584                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         5728                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5728                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1193718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1193718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1193718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1193718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31213946000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31213946000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12660198000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  12660198000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    149666500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    149666500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31954500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     31954500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  43874144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  43874144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  43874144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  43874144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7339119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7339119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4924746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4924746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       152578                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       152578                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       152037                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       152037                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12263865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12263865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12263865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12263865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.127860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.127860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051848                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.051848                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089030                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089030                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037675                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.037675                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33263.652252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33263.652252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49582.114687                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49582.114687                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11017.851885                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11017.851885                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5578.648743                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5578.648743                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36754.194877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36754.194877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36754.194877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36754.194877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       681271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           681271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       938380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       938380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       255338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       255338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13584                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        13584                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5728                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         5728                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1193718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1193718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1193718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1193718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         7073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data        10752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        17825                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17825                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30275566000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30275566000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12404860000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12404860000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    136082500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136082500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26226500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26226500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  42680426000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42680426000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  42680426000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42680426000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1572135500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1572135500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1572135500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1572135500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.127860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051848                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051848                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089030                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089030                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037675                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037675                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32263.652252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32263.652252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48582.114687                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48582.114687                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10017.851885                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10017.851885                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4578.648743                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4578.648743                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35754.194877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35754.194877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35754.194877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35754.194877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 222272.797964                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 222272.797964                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 88198.345021                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 88198.345021                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           692001                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          507.922544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           47007113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           692513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            67.879033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      44813245500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   507.922544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.992036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          435                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         48392391                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        48392391                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     47007113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       47007113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     47007113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        47007113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     47007113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       47007113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       692639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       692639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       692639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        692639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       692639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       692639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10340404000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10340404000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10340404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  10340404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10340404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  10340404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     47699752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47699752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     47699752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     47699752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     47699752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     47699752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14928.994758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14928.994758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14928.994758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14928.994758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14928.994758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14928.994758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       692001                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           692001                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       692639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       692639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       692639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       692639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       692639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       692639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9647765000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9647765000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9647765000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9647765000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9647765000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9647765000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13928.994758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13928.994758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13928.994758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13928.994758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13928.994758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13928.994758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     2442522                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2621                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  205338                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1749235                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      236                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          24                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  89740                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     4191757                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      2857                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           24                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  295078                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    1826928                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     1064                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                1827992                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions               5609                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2805                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    692202308.556150                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   417084374.205506                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2805    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        82000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    974673500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           2805                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    25114151500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1941627475500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3931646339                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2805                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     79700                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   27196     38.42%     38.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1969      2.78%     41.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    525      0.74%     41.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  41097     58.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               70787                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    26331     48.20%     48.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1969      3.60%     51.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     525      0.96%     52.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   25806     47.24%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                54631                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1909855366000     97.15%     97.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              731068500      0.04%     97.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              371926000      0.02%     97.21% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            54864779000      2.79%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1965823139500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.968194                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.627929                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.771766                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        10     10.87%     10.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         9      9.78%     20.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::15                        1      1.09%     21.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        5      5.43%     27.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        3      3.26%     30.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        3      3.26%     33.70% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        3      3.26%     36.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       15     16.30%     53.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        3      3.26%     56.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      1.09%     57.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       27     29.35%     86.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        9      9.78%     96.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       3      3.26%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    92                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  433      0.59%      0.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2016      2.75%      3.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      3.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      3.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                64567     88.14%     91.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2334      3.19%     94.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     94.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     94.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     94.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3725      5.08%     99.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 121      0.17%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      42      0.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 73259                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1964                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                367                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2923                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                816                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  367                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  449                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.415479                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.153609                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.310620                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       18376717500      0.94%      0.94% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user          1492465500      0.08%      1.01% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1945081083000     98.99%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    2017                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   13268743                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     13268743                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             12224543                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                175144                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     423393                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1315452                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    12224543                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                       175144                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           16795911                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8988763                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               90944                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              92918                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4214824                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2456352                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1758472                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3881441492.340690                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              50204846.659310                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.012769                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.987231                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1899015                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               719201      5.42%      5.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  7861154     59.23%     64.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   22602      0.17%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                  13252      0.10%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                   1759      0.01%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2529811     19.06%     84.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1759476     13.26%     97.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                364369      2.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  13271624                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           162095                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          484.320037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            4015175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           162424                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.720331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      72635663500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   484.320037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.945938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          297                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.642578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16996897                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16996897                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2273870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2273870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1634166                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1634166                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        51918                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        51918                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        52084                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        52084                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3908036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         3908036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3908036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        3908036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       118670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       118670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        58749                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        58749                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         9148                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9148                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         6116                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6116                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       177419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        177419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       177419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       177419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1466187000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1466187000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1296760000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1296760000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     84020000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     84020000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     34172000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     34172000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2762947000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2762947000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2762947000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2762947000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2392540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2392540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1692915                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1692915                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        61066                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        61066                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        58200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        58200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4085455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4085455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4085455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4085455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.149805                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.149805                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.105086                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.105086                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12355.161372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12355.161372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22072.886347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22072.886347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9184.521207                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9184.521207                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5587.311969                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5587.311969                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15573.005146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15573.005146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15573.005146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15573.005146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       111600                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           111600                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       118670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       118670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        58749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        58749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9148                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9148                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6116                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         6116                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       177419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       177419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       177419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       177419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         3496                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         3496                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1347517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1347517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1238011000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1238011000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     74872000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74872000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     28056000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28056000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2585528000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2585528000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2585528000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2585528000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     26291000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     26291000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     26291000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     26291000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.149805                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149805                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.105086                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.105086                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11355.161372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11355.161372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21072.886347                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21072.886347                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8184.521207                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8184.521207                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  4587.311969                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4587.311969                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14573.005146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14573.005146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14573.005146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14573.005146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       210328                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       210328                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  7520.308924                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  7520.308924                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           326538                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          445.783445                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           12944535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           327049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            39.579803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     1960887554500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   445.783445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.870671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.870671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         13598713                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        13598713                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     12944535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12944535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     12944535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        12944535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     12944535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       12944535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       327089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       327089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       327089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        327089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       327089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       327089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4450039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4450039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4450039000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4450039000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4450039000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4450039000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     13271624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13271624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     13271624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     13271624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     13271624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     13271624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13604.979073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13604.979073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13604.979073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13604.979073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13604.979073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13604.979073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       326538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           326538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       327089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       327089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       327089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       327089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       327089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       327089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4122950000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4122950000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4122950000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4122950000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4122950000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4122950000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12604.979073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12604.979073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12604.979073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12604.979073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12604.979073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12604.979073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7376                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7376                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               55675                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              55675                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        14036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         2474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        42642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  126102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        56144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2733                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         9876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        82394                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2744042                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             15108500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               758000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              174000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            15840500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             2459000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             6051000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               82500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           216235265                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            28519000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            41956000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41698                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.568421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1760410342000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.568421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.035526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.035526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375570                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375570                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41730                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41730                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     22412883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22412883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4956087382                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   4956087382                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4978500265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4978500265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4978500265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4978500265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 125915.073034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125915.073034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119274.340152                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119274.340152                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119302.666307                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119302.666307                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119302.666307                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119302.666307                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          1665                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   166.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13512883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13512883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2876027417                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2876027417                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2889540300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2889540300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2889540300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2889540300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 75915.073034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75915.073034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69215.138068                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69215.138068                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69243.716751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69243.716751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69243.716751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69243.716751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   342937                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65389.954388                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    3989146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   408458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     9.766355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle               7750506000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     285.827023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4791.190703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    59306.187710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      166.825599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      839.923352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.004361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.073108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.904941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.002546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.012816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.997772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          697                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1597                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        57022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999771                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 35591920                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                35591920                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       792871                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total          792871                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       746791                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::total          746791                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            3150                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            2355                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                5505                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           947                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           959                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              1906                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           128503                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            43274                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               171777                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        680173                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst        326101                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           1006274                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       663284                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       108416                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           771700                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              680173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              791787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              326101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              151690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1949751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             680173                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             791787                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             326101                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             151690                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1949751                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data             1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         116830                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           6419                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             123249                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        12445                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst          987                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           13432                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       271517                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          340                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         271857                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             12445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            388347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data              6759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                408538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            12445                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           388347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              987                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data             6759                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               408538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       300000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        28500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       328500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10622495500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    657559500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  11280055000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1281839000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    101239000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1383078000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21946509000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     42090000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  21988599000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1281839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32569004500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    101239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    699649500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     34651732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1281839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32569004500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    101239000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    699649500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    34651732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       792871                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       792871                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       746791                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::total       746791                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         3155                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         2356                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5511                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          947                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          959                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1906                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       245333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        49693                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           295026                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       692618                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       327088                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       1019706                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       934801                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       108756                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1043557                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          692618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         1180134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          327088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          158449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2358289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         692618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        1180134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         327088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         158449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2358289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001585                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000424                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.001089                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.476210                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.129173                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.417756                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017968                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003018                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.013172                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.290454                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003126                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.260510                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.017968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.329070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.003018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.042657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.173235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.017968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.329070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.003018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.042657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.173235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        60000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        54750                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90922.669691                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 102439.554448                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91522.486998                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103000.321414                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102572.441743                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102968.880286                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80829.226163                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 123794.117647                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80882.960527                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103000.321414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83865.729618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102572.441743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 103513.759432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84818.871194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103000.321414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83865.729618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102572.441743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 103513.759432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84818.871194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               79969                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    79969                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       116830                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6419                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        123249                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12445                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          976                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        13421                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       271517                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          340                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       271857                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       388347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           408527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       388347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          408527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         7073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data        10752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        14123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        17825                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         3496                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        21321                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       250000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        18500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       268500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9454195500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    593369500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10047565000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1157389000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     90609000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1247998000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19231339000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     38690000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19270029000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1157389000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28685534500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     90609000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    632059500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30565592000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1157389000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28685534500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     90609000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    632059500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30565592000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1483681000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     24728000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1508409000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1483681000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     24728000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1508409000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001585                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000424                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001089                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.476210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.129173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.417756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.290454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.329070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.042657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.173230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.329070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.042657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        50000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        44750                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80922.669691                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 92439.554448                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81522.486998                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93000.321414                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 92837.090164                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92988.450935                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70829.226163                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 113794.117647                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70882.960527                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93000.321414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73865.729618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 92837.090164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 93513.759432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74819.025425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93000.321414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73865.729618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 92837.090164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 93513.759432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74819.025425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 209766.859890                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       197824                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209559.460961                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 83235.960729                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  7073.226545                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 70747.572816                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        856503                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       407142                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          413                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             292654                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              14123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             14123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       121489                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           262335                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            11693                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           9938                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            123969                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           123101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        285456                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        42642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1181120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1223762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        83443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        83443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1307205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        82394                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31237440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     31319834                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2658240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2658240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33978074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            22774                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      27264                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            493929                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.001371                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.036997                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  493252     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                     677      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              493929                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            40493000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1323047597                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2182313750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy             915117                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4789247                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2394847                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       361788                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            989                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          928                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           61                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7198                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2106871                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             14123                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            14123                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       872840                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1018539                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          815364                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           17050                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         11844                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          28894                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           297037                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          297037                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1019728                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1079947                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          246                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2077258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3616236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       980715                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       523549                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7197758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     88615616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    119196292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     41832064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     17309590                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              266953562                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          403246                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic                   7576960                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2790110                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.141029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.348296                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                2396861     85.91%     85.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 393013     14.09%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                    235      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            2790110                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4223757496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           302383                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1039141633                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1817975093                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         491872018                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         276251327                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1966741627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
